Add openssl handshake to benchmarking (#4069)
aws/s2n-tls: bindings/rust/bench/README.md

For these libraries, in the future we plan to benchmark:
- bulk throughput with different cipher suites
- handshakes with client authentication (mTLS)
- handshakes with different certificate signature algorithms
- memory taken up by a TLS connection
- and the historical performance of s2n-tls.

## Implementation details

We use Rust bindings for s2n-tls and OpenSSL. All of our benchmarks are run in Rust on a single thread for consistency. 

### IO

To remove external factors, we use custom IO with our benchmarks, bypassing the networking layer and having the client and server connections transfer data to each other via a local buffer. 

Because s2n-tls Rust bindings only allows the use of a `*mut c_void` context pointer and callbacks to handle IO, we use a `Pin<Box<UnsafeCell<VecDeque<u8>>>>` for our local buffers, getting the pointer to the context `VecDeque` using `UnsafeCell::get()`. We use `Pin<Box<T>>` to ensure the context pointer passed to s2n-tls is constant and remains valid. We use `UnsafeCell` to wrap the context pointer, and the single-threaded nature of the benchmarks ensures only one connection is mutating the context at once.

### Certificate generation

> All certs are stores in `certs/` and can be regenerated using `certs/generate_certs.sh`. There is one root cert that directly signs the server and client certs that are used in benchmarking. Currently, we use ECDSA with secp384r1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All certs are stored in `certs/` and can be regenerated using `certs/generate_certs.sh`. There is one root cert that directly signs the server and client certs that are used in benchmarking. Currently, we use ECDSA with secp384r1.
```

### Negotiation parameters

> The current cipher suites benchmarked are TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 and TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, and the current key exchange methods benchmarked are ECDHE with secp256r1 and with x25519. These were the most readily usable parameters common to all three libraries tested.

Reviewer: nit: I'd remove the "current" qualifier when talking about the benchmark parameters, as it's kind of redundant information. I'd also remove the "readily usable parameters" bit. While that might be technically true, we also have some understanding that those particular exchange methods are the more common ones, which is the real reason that we are okay focusing on those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cipher suites benchmarked are `TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256` and `TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, and the key exchange methods benchmarked are `ECDHE` with `secp256r1` and `x25519`.
```

Author: I disagree with putting ECDHE in backticks since it's along the lines of say RSA where it's a acronym common enough  to use with them. Everything else I agree with and will change.

# Benchmarking s2n-tls

> We benchmark s2n-tls against two other common TLS libraries, Rustls and OpenSSL. We use Rust bindings for s2n-tls and OpenSSL and Criterion to benchmark these libraries. 

Reviewer 2: I think this paragraph could be more concise. Probably the important information is that we use Criterion as our benchmarking suite and we use it to compare s2n-tls, Rustls, and OpenSSL.

Author: I moved the fact that we use rust bindings to implementation details, because I want to be transparent about that. I also kept the qualification of Rustls and OpenSSL as "commonly used TLS libraries" to clearly justify why we chose those two libraries.

## Setup 

> Setup is easy! Just run `/bindings/rust/generate.sh` to generate Rust bindings for s2n-tls and have OpenSSL installed.

Reviewer 2: Is the OpenSSL install necessary for generating the bindings or for running the tests? Here it's hard to tell.

Author: Updated wording

## Running benchmarks

> To run our results, just run `cargo bench`! Critierion will auto-generate an HTML report in `target/criterion/`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benchmarks can be run with the `cargo bench` command. Criterion will auto-generate an HTML report in `target/criterion/`. 
```

> ## Future features

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about this paragraph. I don't know if it's that useful for readers to know what we're doing in the future, given that we have no timeline for any of this stuff. I would take it out unless you think it's important.

Author: These all should be done in the next few weeks, and I have PRs lined up for the first three, so I think it's reasonable to keep them. The only exception is session resumption, which we decided to be outside of the scope of this project until session resumption Rust bindings for s2n-tls are exposed.

For these libraries, in the future we plan to benchmark:
- bulk throughput with different cipher suites
- handshakes with client authentication (mTLS)
- handshakes with different certificate signature algorithms
- and session resumption.

We will also conduct memory benchmarks for all features and test the historical performance of s2n-tls.

## Implementation details

All of our benchmarks are run in Rust on a single thread for consistency.

### IO

To remove external factors, we use custom IO with our benchmarks, bypassing the networking layer and having the client and server connections transfer data to each other via a local buffer. 

> Because s2n-tls Rust bindings only allows the use of a `*mut c_void` context pointer and callbacks to handle IO, we use a `Pin<Box<UnsafeCell<VecDeque<u8>>>>` for our local buffers, getting the pointer to the context `VecDeque` using `UnsafeCell::get()`. We use `Pin<Box<T>>` to ensure the context pointer passed to s2n-tls is constant and remains valid. We use `UnsafeCell` to wrap the context pointer, and the single-threaded nature of the benchmarks ensures only one connection is mutating the context at once.

Reviewer 2: Why is this information important for a reader to know?

Author: This is just to be transparent with the design decisions made given the limitations of the s2n-tls Rust bindings. I wanted to call out how the custom IO for s2n-tls worked, given that it's nonobvious and very different from Rustls and OpenSSL which use `Read+Write` trait objects.

Reviewer: I think it might be worth separating out the nitty-gritty implementation details into a different section. The "we aren't going over the networking stack" is relevant to most readers, but the internal implementation details are less likely to be useful.

Author: Would having just the comment in the code be good enough then? I originally wanted to call it out in the readme in case someone would use the decision to use the complex type as a criticism against the benchmarks, but if it's natural enough and there isn't a much better way, we don't need to call it out right?

Reviewer: Ya, I'd be fine with the comment in code.

### Certificate generation

All certs are stores in `certs/` and can be regenerated using `certs/generate_certs.sh`. There is one root cert that directly signs the server and client certs that are used in benchmarking. Currently, we use ECDSA with secp384r1.

> ### Cipher suites

Author: Fixed, hope new wording is better

> ### Cipher suites

Reviewer 2: I'm still not sure about the wording. You can just say "The current cipher suites benchmarked are AES-128/GCM/SHA-256 and AES-256/GCM/SHA-384." The other information is kind of unnecessary.

> ### Cipher suites

Author: I think it's useful to explain why we chose those parameters. For example, this answers the question of why we didn't test ChaCha/Poly: it wasn't readily usable for s2n-tls (because of the security policies).
